# TowerDefense

## Step 2, Option B
For the extension, I chose to extend 3 of the towers' behavior with what I called modifier upgrades. Those are available in the tower menu under the upgrade button, and it allows the player to add a modification to the tower by paying a fee, upgrading and changing how it behaves. This design allows another layer of customization of the player's towers, making it less linear than it was originally. 

The upgrades are as follows:
- The assault cannon can be modified to only attack flying enemies, but with 50% higher rate of fire at any given level, to make it into a anti aircraft specialist. I felt that flying enemies could be an issue when they were moving in the middle of a group of other units, since the AOE tower couldn't hit them, and other towers could focus on any other towers. With this upgrade, the player now has the option to spend to make a tower that will alleviate the issue.
- The plasma lance can be modified to hit every enemy in its line of power, this allows for another unit with AOE, but with a different shape.
- The EMP tower can now deal a bit of continuous damage to every enemy in its slowing range. This damage scales a bit with the level of the tower. This will allow for another type of AOE, this time all around a tower with limited range.


## Step 3
After testing the design, it does allow for fun combinations with the shapes of the maze the player can make. A plasma lance with the modification can deal a lot of damage if it's at one end of a long corridor. A modified EMP tower can be very useful if it's placed at a corner, allowing to attack any number of units around itself. It also gives synergy with its slowing effect, since slowing a unit will make it move slower in its range, allowing for more damage. It won't single handedly kill many units, but can weaken a bunch of them before they get picked up by other towers. As for the assault cannon, it covers a role that was lacking before. However, I think both the plasma lance and the EMP tower throws off the balancing of the game a bit. A well positionned plasma lance can be absolutely devastating, same for the EMP tower, so their cost or their strength should probably be balanced more adequately. Also, since the modification effects scale with the level, upgrading a level should be more expensive with the modification, and the modification should be more expensive with higher levels. I also added two towers with AOE, which may be a bit much in the current state of the game.

As for the code, in order to fit the code structure of the existing project, I added modified versions of each tower levels prefab, so it effectively doubles the number of prefabs. I feel this system would not be the best option for a real project. The number of different prefabs would become untenable, so a major refactor of the entire upgrade system would be needed. I also followed the naming convention of the existing project, but it feels a bit all over the place, so that would probably need to be refactored as well. I also added code to already sprawling classes like Tower and TowerUI, and those would ideally benefit from being split in order to respect the single responsability principle.